# Design
1.  When thinking about the design methods of our project, it was most helpful to utilize UML diagrams to visually represent the system design and relationships.  We first began by discussing our use cases to ensure we knew the interactions between the system and its users.  Then we created a storyboard to visualize the users' interactions with the system and discuss the design aspects.  Lastly, we created a sequence flow diagram to show the dynamic interactions of the systems in sequential order.  These diagrams helped us communicate what we wanted the user interface to look like and what aspects we wanted to implement.      
2.  The most challenging aspect was creating the sequence flow diagram.  I am still very new to utilizing UML diagrams and I struggled a little bit when trying to visualize the sequence flow diagram.  In the end, I was able to put the diagram together with the help of my teammates, as well as the slides from class that provided us with some examples to learn from.  If I had to do something different when it came to the design process, I would have made use case diagrams as opposed to writing out each use case flow.  This would have allowed me to visualize the process much easier with all of the actors involved in the system.  Another thing I would have done differently is planned out what the clothing command would return earlier on, which would have made the implementation process a bit easier.   
3.  In the future, on another project, I will utilize UML diagrams to plan out my system design and help visualize the process before implementation.  I will also use storyboards as that helped create a better storyline which made my thought process more manageable when creating the use cases.  

# Implementation
1.  The most beneficial aspect of implementing the discord bot was that there is plenty of documentation and youtube videos outlining the process, which is crucial to gaining knowledge on the topic.  Watching videos made it easy to create the account and server for discord, but there was some trouble with adding the discord bot to the server.  In addition, creating the discord command took a bit longer than expected but utilizing online tutorials helped finalize this task.  Finally, each task was easy to implement using Visual Studio code while committing everything on Github.  This made the implementation process easier as everyone collaborated and committed their work on separate branches before pull requests were made to merge everything into the main branch.  
2.  The most difficult aspect was hooking up the OpenWeather API as well as the command that would take the zip code and output the weather.  The OpenWeather API contains a lot of information, making it difficult to choose which information was most important to print out once the zip code command was run.  In addition, there is a 2000-character limit on discord, limiting the amount of information we can print out.  If I had to do something differently, I would have started to implement the discord bot much sooner to have more time to understand the weather API data and convert this weather data from kelvins to Fahrenheit, which is a more widely understood temperature scale. 
3.  In the future, I will utilize Github to store my code and make the collaboration process much more manageable.  Github also allows each commit to have a descriptive comment which makes team members aware of what was implemented and what bug fixes occurred.  I will also utilize VS code to help with the testing and debugging of the code.  In addition, I will continue to research documentation to help with the implementation process and watch videos to gain insight on future projects.  Discord was also easier to utilize to create a bot and in the future, I hope to use discord more often and hopefully make more discord bots.  

# Process
1.  Implementing the kanban board helped our team visualize the workflow and delegate tasks, so there were no code overwrites.  It also helped to keep track of what tasks needed to be done and which tasks would take longer to implement.  In addition, this allowed for easier debugging and code review between our teammates to ensure all issues would be caught early on to avoid costly mistakes.  Lastly, implementing code reviews made sharing knowledge of the project code between teammates much more straightforward, allowing for each of us to debug and test the code even if we were not the ones who implemented that specific aspect.  
2.  The most difficult task while utilizing the kanban board was remembering to constantly update the board based on each iteration implemented to ensure that each team member was aware of the completed tasks and those that still needed to be reviewed.  If I had to do things differently regarding the kanban board, I would have utilized the Jira software instead since it is more user-friendly and better suited for issue tracking.  
3.  In the future, I would like to utilize a kanban board again on another project.  It was very helpful in maintaining organization and managing tasks.  I will try to implement this software process in all of my future projects as I found it to be the easiest way to keep track of issues and made the debugging process much more accessible.  

# Overall 
After considering all of the design methods, implementation practices, and software processes, I feel some are more important than others but are all useful when put together.  Design methods are essential as they help visualize the system requirements and design the system UI.  Utilizing UML diagrams or methods such as the waterfall method helps create the architectural design of the system.  When collaborating on a project, this is a crucial step and, in my opinion, the most important since it helps to ensure everyone is on the same page as to how everything will look and function.  Laying out the requirements ensures that the system will be implemented precisely how the future customer wants it to be done, which will save time and money during the implementation process.  During implementation, some crucial practices are constantly testing and ensuring that the code is both coherent and as simple as possible.  By utilizing Github for code collaboration and storing, it allows for commits to be made on separate branches.  Then a pull request could be opened, which allows for code review before merging everything into the main branch.  This allows the testing process to be more straightforward since only small snippets of code are merged with the main branch, so bugs are easier to catch early on and multiple people in the group can perform code reviews.  Finally, software processes allow for easy management on the creation of the software.  Utilizing Kanban boards to organize issues and delegate story points and tasks makes the collaboration process easy to comprehend.  This ensures that deadlines are being met and that everyone collaborates to complete the final project.  Overall, each one of these practices has different benefits, but together, they work to make software development easier on the team and to make collaboration between the developer and stakeholder a smooth process.  I will continue to implement each of these practices in all of my future projects because they kept my team organized throughout and minimized the issues we faced when implementing our project.  This led to a very successful discord bot that my team and I are very proud of.  
